Talk @ about Defcon29 & ReddCoin (RDD), ReddID, and our first Capture-The-Flag event.

Link to Video presentation of this document: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bBgH7lxwp0PB1oIR5wsDhTkCqbVCmrmk/view
Link to documentation, tools and detail for this CTF competition: https://defcon.reddcoin.com
Link to CTF portal: https://defcon-ctfd.reddcoin.com 


Greetings, DEFCON and Blockchain Village!! Great to be here, and thanks for inviting our project to help share some education and answer some questions. And also get some prizes out to the audience.

A little backgroundf on who we are, and what the ReddCoin/ReddID system is.

ReddCoin is a fast, free-to-low-fee cryptocurrency, and one of the original generation of projects still active from the early days of crypto. The project was, in part, aimed at providing a compellingly fun and easy to use gamified experience for non-technical social network and other internet users to be able to send a small bit of value as an acknowledgement for good content or actions.
ReddID is a solution designed to fit this usecase and meld blockchain and social network connectivity to allow for easy "tipping" and rewards with RDD. It was designed with a few basic functions in mind:

1) To allow end-users to independently register and claim short, easily memorable alias names that connected seamlessly to the complex alphanumerics of wallet addresses normally required. This short name would easily be added to social media bios and profiles, email and other comms without the need for scanning or manipualting lengthy and complex key strings. These names were to be stored in a sidechain, and linked to RDD immutably via a hash stored in the OP_RETURN field of relevant transactions.

2) To further allow indidivual social network profiles (Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, etc.) to be linked via personally created posts, ensuring that all social media presence links back to a single receiving wallet.

3) To insert an easy and intuitive "tip button" or "love button" under relevant content on each and every webpage as a browser extension, to provide for a single-click tip function without usrs having to manually exchange addresses.

Though this might seem a fairly simple collection of features, doing it in a decentralized manner, protecting users' keys and assets from loss or compromise has been the driving force behind this piece of software, as all other similar tipping and alternative solutions developed to date have been centralized, under the control of the server operator, and a risk to user funds upon exit scam or project abandonment. More than one of these services have simply folded and taken users' funds, and our goals as an original cryptocurrency project have been to eliminate that possibility from the equation by removing any central collection or pooling of funds in the name of usability or performance. Utilziing components of Electrum, the blockchains and sidechains and oepn source components from other visionary developers, ReddCoin launched the version of ReddID being reincarneted here at Defcon, as a Chrome browser extension, backended by a collection of blockchain and server-side components.

In addition, Redd has always been focused around education, user support, and the crypto ethos of honesty, openness and transparency. It matches up with the original hacker ethic, and the concepts that drive a large part of the desire to make the world better with technollogy and systems. If we can use the technical resources in our space to create paradigm-challenging apps and platforms, i nso doing we address some of the unfairness and inequity around the world, and bring access to critical tools of commerce and social currency to those who have no such options at present. THose are the concepts that drive our project, and we welcome those who feel likewise.

While we have included all code and instructions required to copy, inspect and run an independant instance of the system's backend, these components are meant mor efor informational, research and exploratory needs, rather than being required to operate the extension. The ReddCoin team, for the purposes of this event, have spun up a production system along with a bakcup to allow for actual use of the browser extension to search and register a reddid name using testRDD. Doing so, and going through the process of wallet setup and other tasks in this product give both insight into operations of a typical crypto wallet, and also a hint of what extending the services wrapped around such a basic wallet might allow technologically. 

EDIT ON DEFCON DAY: Despite our best efforts, part of our ReddID system is simply not working today. SIgning transactions on the testnet with the current system set up is inoperative, and that does cripple some of the functionality we wanted to show off. But no matter. It's an example of realworld scenarios being a bit incompatible with plans and schemes. Many of the challenges we've built were related to this name registration functionality, so instead, what we've decided to do, having removed those flags from contention, is to tkae the keys and RDD associated with them as prizes for the top performers.

We welcome all those at defcon and elsewhere interested in both the product and the security issues involved in producing and evolving a product such as this, and hope to expose some of the coolness of blockchain tech and what such new ideas could look like, with the idea that all those out there involved in the defcon and blockchainvillage events will continue to help devs like ourselves improve, enhance and expand solutions like ReddID, ReddShare, and the other parts of our ReddCoin ecosystem of exchanging real value igitally. To that end, many of the flags we've embedded contain valid keys to wallets containing RDD, but only to the first to claim it. It's exciting to be able to demonstrate the ReddID extension and if you'd like to follow up and contribute to our all-volunteer, team, currently funded by an industry-unqiue PoSVv2 protocol, please don't hesitate to reach out to any team member here, or on www.reddcoin.com or redd.love. As we like to say, let's "Paint The World Redd!"